Check Cashing    • Personal checks may be cashed    • The Bookstore also provides this service.        However, there is a $25 limit.    • Eureka College Student Employee Payroll Checks:         ≈ Heartland Bank and Trust (Branches throughout Eureka)         ≈ A valid ID is required (drivers license)Student Accounts    • Tuition, Fees, Room, Board and other charges are invoicedthrough the Business Office by the Student Account Manager. (Exception: books or supplies purchased at the Eureka College Bookstore must be paid for at the time of purchase).    • Monthly statements are mailed whenever there is a balance due on the student’s account except if payment is being made to Tuition Management Systems and is current.Payment of Student AccountsPayment Methods:    • In Person – at the Business Office located in Burrus     Dickinson Hall. (Cash, Checks, Money Order, Visa, Master-    Card, and Discover are accepted.)    • By Mail – can send check or money order. This may take a    few business days to be received and processed.    • By Phone – call the Business Office at 1-800-548-9144    (Visa, MasterCard, and Discover are accepted.)    • On-line – by going through a Eureka College student     SONIS account – PayPal account. (Visa, MasterCard, and    Discover are accepted.)Payment Options:    • In Full – charges are due and payable in full 5 working days    prior to the first day of class of the semester.    • Two Payments – Fall Semester:  half of the balance due     August 14, 2013 and remaining half due October 1, 2013;    Spring Semester:  half of balance due January 6, 2014 and    remaining due March 1, 2014.    • Monthly Payment Plan – payment plans are offered in    cooperation with Tuition Management Service (TMS). Plan    options are available in 12, 10, or 9 monthly payments.            Students/families must sign up with TMS by August 14, 2013    by notifying TMS at 1-888-713-7234 or on-line at eureka    afford.com. The $65 enrollment fee is waived for the 2013/14    school year.  For further information, contact the Eureka     College Business Office.     • Loans    	≈ Personal loan from a financial institution, Subsidized 	    and Unsubsidized Stafford loan, PLUS loan, 	   Alternative loan.     • Finance Charges         ≈ Finance charges will be assessed to all accounts greaterthan 30 days outstanding, except for Student and Parents participating in TMS.         ≈ The rate is 12% annually.         ≈ $100 late fee assessed at 7 days past due.         ≈ The assessment will continue until the balance is paid in full. Student Accident & Medical Insurance    • ALL students are required to carry personal health insurance.      Students are required to waive out or enroll in the Eureka     College student insurance plan by going on-line to      www.firststudent.com , select Eureka College and click on     either “Enroll Now-Health Insurance” or “Waive your           School’s Health Insurance”    • If the student is covered by a personal health and accident      insurance policy, the student does not need to purchase     the College sponsored insurance plan, however is required      to complete and submit an Insurance Waiver Form online at     www.firststudent.com.     • If the student is not covered by a personal health and accident insurance policy the student is required to purchase the College’s Plan. Estimated annual premium cost for 2013-14 is $1025.00, for the period beginning August 1, 2013 and ending August 1, 2014. If at any time a student loses coverage through a parent this insurance may be purchased and the fee added to the student’s account. There is a reduced premium for any student who adds the insurance at the beginning of the second semester in January. This insurance may also be purchased as “secondary coverage” for any student who is already covered by other insurance. (i.e. in the case of high deductibles)    • If at any time, your employer or insurance company requires“proof or verification of student status” please contact the Eureka College Records Office and they will process any and all appropriate documentation.Athletic Insurance    • The NCAA requires students participating in inter-collegiateathletics to purchase additional insurance coverage. This coverage is mandatory. Rates are estimated at this time and are subject to change upon the renewal policy: Football $285.00, Basketball/Soccer $170.00, All other sports $150.00.Short-term Emergency Student Loans    • Short-term student loans are provided to students inemergency situations, they are required to be repaid within two months or by the end of the current semester, whichever comes first.    • There is an application process and a $1.00 processing charge.Other Items of Importance    • Student ID Card, used for electronic scanning         ≈ Dining Service         ≈ Library         ≈ Burgoo    • College Catalog         ≈ Printed Copy         ≈ College website: www.eureka.edu    • Student Handbook          ≈ Located on the College website only    • Financial Aid Handbook         ≈ Located on the College website 